Maximon Ltd. License, Version 2021-02

1.	NOTES
This section 1 is for convenience only and does not form part of the license.
1.1	This is a restrictive license. Subject to the below, works covered under the Maximon Ltd. License, Version 2021-02 are made available only:
(a)	for non-commercial use, subject to attribution; but
(b)	not for commercial use.

1.2	If you wish to use the works for commercial use, you can contact the licensor to request a separate license.

2.	INTRODUCTION
These terms and conditions (the "License"), entitled "Maximon Ltd. License, Version 2021-02", set out the terms upon which (i) Contributions are incorporated into the Work, and (ii) the intellectual property owner of the Work (the "Licensor") licenses a person (a "Licensee") to use, reproduce, and/or distribute the Work.

3.	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
3.1	Definitions
* "Contribution" means any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by a person authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution".
* "Contributor" means the Licensor and any person on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by the Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.
* "Derivative Works" means any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) or otherwise makes Use of the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship.
* "Non-Commercial Use" means use which does not (such that the Derivative Works will not) result in any financial or commercial gain for the Licensee or any other person, and for the avoidance of doubt does not include (among others):
(a)	any Use in, for, or in connection with, any Derivative Work which is, will be, is intended or anticipated to be, or is licensed on terms that would permit, use, distribution, licensing and/or derivation in exchange for payment;
(b)	any Use in, for, or in connection with, any Derivative Work which is, will be, or is intended or anticipated to be sold, or which is owned by or licensed by or to an entity which entity is, will be, or is intended or anticipated to be sold or to receive financing whether in equity, debt, or otherwise;
(c)	any Use by or on behalf of a commercial party, being any person or entity that is not either (i) an individual acting in a private capacity and not for commercial gain, or (ii) registered under the laws of its place of main interest as a charity or other non-profit organization; and
(d)	any Use to facilitate a commercial enterprise (for example, as part of an in-house technology solution), to promote a commercial enterprise (for example, as part of a publicity campaign), or in any way ancillary to a commercial enterprise (for example, in connection which paid support is offered, or as part of a "freemium" product offering).
* "Object" form means any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.
* "Source" form means the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.
* "Use" means use of the Work in the broadest sense including distribution, incorporation into Derivative Works, reverse-engineering, decompilation, analysis, and use as an end product.
* "Work" means the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as may be indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work.

3.2 Interpretation
* The word "including" and cognates thereof, and the words "for example", shall be interpreted as though qualified by the words "without limitation".
* References to "persons" include natural and juridical persons. References to "entities" are intended in a broad sense, including trusts and unincorporated entities.

4.	LICENSE
4.1	General prohibition. Except as specifically permitted under this License or another written agreement between Licensor and Licensee, all Use of the Work is prohibited.

4.2	License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, and strictly for Non-Commercial Use, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee a revocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free copyright license:
(a)	to use, review, discuss, and prepare Derivative Works of, the Works; and
(b)	to distribution, reproduce, and sublicense, such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

5.	REDISTRIBUTION
5.1	Insofar as permitted under this License, any reproduction and distribution of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, whether in Source or Object form, must meet the following conditions:
(a)	It must be for Non-Commercial Use.
(b)	The Licensee must comply with the Appendix hereto, and give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License.
(c)	The Licensee must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that the Licensee changed the files.
(d)	The Licensee must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that it distributes, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works.
(e)	The Licensee must not claim ownership or authorship of the Works. Any Derivative Works that the Licensee distributes must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained in or with the original Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE or LICENSE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The Licensee may add its own attribution notices within Derivative Works that it distributes, alongside or as an addendum to those relating to the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.

5.2	The Licensee may add its own copyright statement to its modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of its modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided its use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.

6.	SUBMISSION OF CONTRIBUTIONS
6.1	This section 6 relates to Contributions (such as changes, improvements, and fixes) submitted by a person to the Licensor for potential incorporation into the Works, for example, by submitting a change to the Maximon GitHub repository.

6.2	In consideration of the Licensor assessing Contributions, and (at its election) accepting and incorporating Contributions into the Works, each Contributor agrees and undertakes, by way of future assignment of intellectual property rights, that all intellectual property rights in the Contribution are vested in the Licensor, and warrants that the Contribution does not infringe any third party copyright, patent right, or other intellectual property right or quality of confidentiality, trade secrecy, or similar.

6.3	Unless the Licensee explicitly states otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by the Licensee to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement the Licensee may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

7.	TRADEMARKS
This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the license notice(s) applicable thereto.

8.	EXCLUSIONS, LIMITATIONS, INDEMNITY
8.1	Except to the extent required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, the Licensor provides the Work on an "as is" basis, without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of title, non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. The Licensee is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the work and assumes any risks associated with its exercise of permissions under this License.

8.2	In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall the Licensor or any Contributor be liable to the Licensee for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Licensor Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

8.3	In respect of all exercise of rights hereunder, the Licensee acts at its own risk and on its sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and it shall to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Licensor and each Contributor with respect to any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, it whether by the Licensee or (in respect of the Licensee’s exercise of its rights hereunder) by a third party.

9.	GENERAL
9.1	Amendments. The Licensor may unilaterally revoke, or amend the terms of, this License at any time by notice (whether or not prominent) on its web site as stated in the license notice or otherwise as maintained from time to time.

9.2	Severance. If any provision of this License or part thereof is or becomes void, illegal or unenforceable, then (a) it shall be rendered void, illegal or unenforceable to that extent only, and it shall in no way affect or prejudice the enforceability of the remainder of such provision or the other provisions of this Agreement; and (b) if it considers it necessary or expedient and without prejudice to its other rights hereunder, the Licensor may delete, amend, or replace such provision so as to provide for an alternative which is not void, illegal, or unenforceable.

9.3	Assignment. The Licensor may, at any time without notice, assign or novate all or any of its rights, obligations and/or benefits under this License to any person.

9.4	Indemnity and lien. The Licensee undertakes on demand to indemnify the Licensor for any loss (including loss of opportunity) resulting from the Licensee’s breach of this License including any Non-Commercial Use. As security for its obligations under this License (including the foregoing), the Licensee grants the Licensor an irrevocable lien over its intellectual property in any Derivative Works existing now or hereafter.

9.5	Governing law and jurisdiction. This License is governed by the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute under or relating to this License, including as to its validity or any non-contractual disputes, are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

Appendix: License Notice
To apply the Maximon Ltd. License to its work, a Licensor must attach the following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with its own identifying information. The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format.

"Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

Website: [website URL]

[subject matter] (the "Work") is licensed under the Maximon Ltd. License, Version 2021-02 (the "License"); you may not use the Work or derivatives thereof except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

  https://github.com/jgmamxmn/License/

If the above link does not contain or refer to a copy of the License, then the License is revoked, and all rights as to the Work are reserved.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, the Work is distributed on an as-is basis, without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

The License, and these terms, are governed by the laws of England and Wales and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales."
